How to play:

Press "Start" to start the game 
 
"A" key moves the tetromino to the left.
"D" key moves the tetromino to the right.
"S" key moves the tetromino almost instantly to the bottom.
"W" key rotates the tetromino.

All ui buttons are disabled while the game is active.
The game ends when a a block reaches the top row or
a new piece cannot be spawned. Once the game has ended, a pop window informs the user of this. After this buttons are 
re-enabled. Pressing "Start" again starts a new game, pressing "Close" closes the program.

You gain points by speeding up the descent of the block. Blocks cannot be rotated or moved outside the area or into each other. Each placed block speeds the game up slightly. 


Extra features and their implementation:

-All seven different tetrominos have been implemented.

-A falling tetromino can be turned.
	This happens by pressing the "W" key, it wont be pushed in any direction if movement is invalid, program will only 		prevent the action. It can be rotated "into" a spot.
	most tetrominos have four different rotational positions but the "HORIZONTAL, 
	STEP_UP_RIGHT and STEP_UP_LEFT" only have two.
	There is no time limit on how many times you can turn a block or how frequently.

-The time used in the game is counted
	The time used so far is shown during the game and it 
	is visible next to the "Start" button.
	it shows how long a round has taken, and resets between attempts.

-The game counts points based on blocks dropped fast
	the longer distance you drop a block by pressing "S" the more points you get
	and the more block you drop like this the more the score increases.
	if you finish the game without fast dropping a single tetromino, you will have the
	score of 0;

-Tetrominos fall quicker when the game advances
	Each tetromino what lands increases the game speed slighly up to a certain point.
	it is indipendent on actual time, only amount of blocks dropped matter.

-After the game ends it is possible to start the game again from the beginning without starting the program again.
	Happens by pressing the start button once a game has ended.


-The falling tetromino can be moved simultaneously as down as possible (with a button or a key command)
	Happens using the "S" key, also what gives points in this game.


More documentation:

 The tetrominoes are constructed by having 4 QGraphicsRectItems moving
 at the same time and all movement is calculated for each individual square.
 when they reach the bottom or another static block, they are moved outside
 the users control and user will be given a new active set of squares.

 The colours are consistent with each type of block. So a horizontal piece will always
 be Cyan. They will also always spawn on the same spot, unsure on what "randomly" means in
 given instructions but understood it as the actual tetromino should be random, not where it appears
 or in what rotation.

 Decided to disable close button even during the game, if accidentally user presses spacebar, then as
 the only active button, it would close the program. This decision is made to prevent that.

 Finally, would like to point out the rotate method. I am aware its a mess.
 It was a quick patch together and was going to add a datastructure
 to store all moves and methods to process them and generally tidy
 the thing up, but unfortunatly I ran out of time, so its left in its current state.

 I was going to add line clearing into the score counter, but after wasting hours, could
 not get line clearing to work properly, so score counter only counts FAST dropped tiles.






